README.md, before:

<div align="center">

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=700&size=32&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=76B900&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi!+I'm+Hunter.;Builder.+Founder.+Tinkerer.)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

</div>

---

## What I'm Working On
- **PARALLAX**: Natural language drone inspection powered by 8 NVIDIA AI tools. One command → simulated → flown. [Check it out →](https://github.com/HMAC10/Parallax)
- **Regenify.AI**: Building an ML-powered ESG risk intelligence platform for investment teams
- **AI + Physical Systems**: Applying AI to real-world problems in infrastructure, automation, and beyond
- **New ventures**: More startup ideas underway

## Background
- University of Washington - Information Systems & Finance (3.98 GPA)
- Co-founded an AI drone startup that won the $25K Dempsey Startup Competition (1st of 174 teams) and $15K Environmental Innovation Challenge (1st of 43 teams)
- Built AI data automation tools used in production at a $1B+ construction firm

## Tech Stack
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=flat&logo=r&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML/CSS-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-000000?style=flat&logo=threedotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Neo4j-4581C3?style=flat&logo=neo4j&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-76B900?style=flat&logo=nvidia&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=flat&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=flat&logo=tableau&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=flat&logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Let's Connect
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hunter-mckay/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/HMAC10)

Commit message:

Add Meeting Ninja to current projects list

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=700&size=32&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=76B900&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi!+I'm+Hunter.;Builder.+Founder.+Tinkerer.)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

</div>

---

## What I'm Working On
- **PARALLAX**: Natural language drone inspection powered by 8 NVIDIA AI tools. One command → simulated → flown. [Check it out →](https://github.com/HMAC10/Parallax)
- **Regenify.AI**: Building an ML-powered ESG risk intelligence platform for investment teams
- **AI + Physical Systems**: Applying AI to real-world problems in infrastructure, automation, and beyond
- **Meeting Ninja**: Personalized Meeting Notes Tool specializing in simplicity and UX
- **New ventures**: More startup ideas underway

## Background
- University of Washington - Information Systems & Finance (3.98 GPA)
- Co-founded an AI drone startup that won the $25K Dempsey Startup Competition (1st of 174 teams) and $15K Environmental Innovation Challenge (1st of 43 teams)
- Built AI data automation tools used in production at a $1B+ construction firm

## Tech Stack
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=flat&logo=r&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML/CSS-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-000000?style=flat&logo=threedotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Neo4j-4581C3?style=flat&logo=neo4j&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-76B900?style=flat&logo=nvidia&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=flat&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=flat&logo=tableau&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=flat&logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Let's Connect
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hunter-mckay/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/HMAC10)
